---
layout: home
tags: [News, Publications]
title: "New Journal Article Published"
description: A new article co-authored by Enrico Fraccaroli has been published in IEEE Transactions on Computers.
author: Enrico Fraccaroli
background: /assets/theme/images/publication_journal.png
comments: true
---

We are thrilled to announce the publication of our new article titled
**"Multidomain Fault Models Covering the Analog Side of a Smart or
Cyber-Physical System"** in **IEEE Transactions on Computers**.

### Abstract

Over the last decade, the industrial world has been involved in a massive
revolution guided by the adoption of digital technologies. In this context,
complex systems like cyber-physical systems play a fundamental role since they
were designed and realized by composing heterogeneous components. The combined
simulation of the behavioral models of these components allows to reproduce the
nominal behavior of the real system. Similarly, a smart system is a device that
integrates heterogeneous components but in a miniaturized form factor. The
development of smart or cyber-physical systems, in combination with faulty
behaviors modeled for the different physical domains composing the system,
enables to support advanced functional safety assessment at the system level. A
methodology to create and inject multi-domain fault models in the analog side of
these systems has been proposed by exploiting the physical analogy between the
electrical and mechanical domains to infer a new mechanical fault taxonomy.
Thus, standard electrical fault models are injected into the electrical part,
while the derived mechanical fault models are injected directly into the
mechanical part. The entire flow has been applied to two case studies: a direct
current motor connected with a gear train, and a three-axis accelerometer.

### Details

- **Authors**: Francesco Tosoni, Nicola Dall'Ora, Enrico Fraccaroli, Sara Vinco, Franco Fummi
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Computers
- **Volume**: 73, **Number**: 3, **Year**: 2024
- **Pages**: 829-841
- **Keywords**: Circuit faults, Behavioral sciences, Mathematical models, Taxonomy, Safety, Standards, Europe, Cyber-physical systems, Smart systems, Fault taxonomy, Fault injection, Electrical faults, Mechanical faults

### Links

- **DOI**: [10.1109/TC.2023.3345135](https://doi.org/10.1109/TC.2023.3345135)  
- **Open Access Version**: [Read Here](https://iris.univr.it/retrieve/13ec75c1-4f8a-4710-9613-b2149f2ba74a/Multi-Domain_Fault_Models_Covering_the_Analog_Side_of_a_Smart_or_Cyber-Physical_System.pdf)

This article proposes a novel methodology for modeling and injecting
multi-domain faults into the analog side of cyber-physical systems. The approach
leverages the analogy between electrical and mechanical domains to extend fault
taxonomy and supports advanced functional safety assessments at the system
level. Two real-world case studies, a direct current motor with a gear train and
a three
