---
layout: home
tags: [Publications]
title: "New Conference Paper Published"
description: A new conference paper co-authored by Enrico Fraccaroli has been published in the proceedings of the 2024 IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Embedded Systems (SIES).
author: Enrico Fraccaroli
background: /assets/theme/images/publication_conference.png
comments: true
---

We are pleased to announce the publication of our latest conference paper,
titled **"Learning-Enabled CPS for Edge-Cloud Computing"**, in the proceedings
of the **2024 IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Embedded Systems
(SIES)**.

### Abstract

Many Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), such as autonomous vehicles and robots, rely
on compute-intensive Machine Learning (ML) algorithms, especially for perception
processing. A growing trend is to implement such ML algorithms in the cloud.
However, the data transfer overhead and the delay introduced in the process
necessitate some form of edge-cloud solution. Here, a part of the processing is
done locally and the rest on the cloud, and how to do this partitioning is being
explored in the body of work referred to as Split Computing (SC). In this
position paper, we explore different SC architectures and discuss their
implications on controller design for CPS. In particular, we discuss the delay
and state estimation accuracy of these different SC architectures and how they
would impact the design of the feedback controllers using them.

### Details

- **Authors**: Luigi Capogrosso, Shengjie Xu, Enrico Fraccaroli, Marco Cristani, Franco Fummi, Samarjit Chakraborty
- **Conference**: IEEE 14th International Symposium on Industrial Embedded Systems (SIES)
- **Year**: 2024
- **Pages**: 132-139
- **Keywords**: Machine learning algorithms, Embedded systems, Computer architecture, Machine learning, Market research, Data transfer, Delays, Partitioning algorithms, State estimation, Robots, Split Computing, Early Exit, Deep Neural Networks, Cyber-Physical Systems, Edge Devices

### Links

- **DOI**: [10.1109/SIES62473.2024.10767956](https://doi.org/10.1109/SIES62473.2024.10767956)  
- **Open Access Version**: [Read Here](https://iris.univr.it/retrieve/3c07a985-4fde-48ee-8957-9793e9786049/OPEN__2024__SIES__Learning_Enabled_CPS_for_Edge_Cloud_Computing.pdf)

This position paper explores novel Split Computing (SC) architectures to address
the challenges posed by cloud-based Machine Learning (ML) algorithms in
Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS). By examining delay, state estimation accuracy, and
their implications on feedback controller design, the paper provides valuable
insights for enhancing CPS performance.

We extend our gratitude to all collaborators and contributors for their efforts.
For more details, please explore the links provided above.
