---
layout: news
tags: [Workshop]
title: "Workshop"
description: Enrico Fraccaroli co-organized a workshop focused on Industry 5.0, featuring discussions on AI-based quality control, industrial engineering, and the STRATEGUS project.
author: Enrico Fraccaroli
background: /assets/theme/images/workshop.png
comments: true
---

## Workshop: Technologies and Work Organization in the Era of Industry 5.0

We are excited to share the success of the recent workshop **"Technologies and
Work Organization in the Era of Industry 5.0"**, organized in collaboration with
Confindustria Verona. The event brought together experts from academia, industry
leaders, and researchers to explore the technological and organizational shifts
in the age of Industry 5.0.

### Workshop Agenda

- **14:00**: Participant welcome and introduction to the workshop.
- **14:15**: Vision-sharing session - *“Technologies and work organization: what changes in the Industry 5.0 era?”*
  - Speakers: **Franco Fummi** (Professor of Information Systems) and **Marco
    Peruzzi** (Professor of Labor Law).
- **15:30**: *AI-based Quality Control*: Presentation by the spinoff **QUALYCO S.r.l.**
- **16:00**: Discussion and industrial testimonies.
- **16:15**: Coffee break.
- **16:30**: Insights into the **ICE Laboratory (Industrial Computer Engineering)** at the University of Verona:
  - Tour of the **ICE Laboratory**.
  - Presentation by spinoff **FACTORYAL S.r.l.**.
- **17:30**: *STRATEGUS*: Introduction to the EU project **STRATEgic Guide to Smart Manufacturing**.
- **17:50**: Closing remarks and next steps.
- **18:00**: Networking.

### Highlights

- The workshop provided a platform for cross-disciplinary discussions,
  particularly focusing on the interplay between advanced technologies and their
  impact on work organization in Industry 5.0.
- The **QUALYCO S.r.l.** presentation showcased innovations in AI-based quality
  control, highlighting its practical applications in industrial settings.
- Participants toured the **ICE Laboratory** at the University of Verona, where
  they were introduced to cutting-edge research and the spinoff **FACTORYAL
  S.r.l.**.
- The EU-funded project **STRATEGUS** was presented, offering insights into its
  objectives and role in guiding smart manufacturing practices.

### Acknowledgements

We extend our gratitude to all speakers, attendees, and collaborators for making
this workshop a success. Special thanks to **Confindustria Verona** for their
support and to the organizing team at the University of Verona for facilitating
this enriching experience.

For further information or inquiries, feel free to contact us at
[fondazionespeedhub@confindustria.vr.it](mailto:fondazionespeedhub@confindustria.vr.it)
or call **045 8099445**.

Stay tuned for updates on future workshops and initiatives!
