---
layout: news
tags: [Publications]
title: "New Conference Paper Published"
description: A new conference paper co-authored by Enrico Fraccaroli has been published in the proceedings of the 2024 Forum on Specification & Design Languages (FDL).
author: Enrico Fraccaroli
background: /assets/theme/images/publication_conference.png
comments: true
---

We are excited to announce the publication of our latest conference paper,
titled **"Exploring Multidomain Faults in Digital Twin: A Gaming Engine
Perspective - Wild-and-Crazy-Idea Paper"**, in the proceedings of the **2024
Forum on Specification & Design Languages (FDL)**.

### Abstract

Creating a virtual model of a real system brings several advantages before its
effective fabrication, especially in the design phases. Simulating a system is
helpful for determining whether and what improvements need to be brought to the
prototype or for testing changes given by the presence of faults. In this
context, exploiting the features of a gaming engine created mainly for video
game purposes for simulating physical prototypes could reveal new research
perspectives. Advanced rendering capabilities, physical simulation, and accuracy
in describing different materials obtainable make this environment very
attractive even beyond the gaming world. Another key feature that can be
obtained with these simulators is the combination of accurately modeled physical
properties and graphical rendering of physical behaviors. Together, they
generate a visualization that is physically accurate and graphically realistic.
For this reason, this article examines the development of behavioral models
inside the Unreal Engine gaming environment, mainly based on the C++ language.
The models created will be used for design analysis, performance monitoring, and
improvement research. The model chosen as a case study is a digital twin of a DC
Motor simulated in normal operating conditions and in the presence of faults.

### Details

- **Title**: Exploring Multidomain Faults in Digital Twin: A Gaming Engine Perspective - Wild-and-Crazy-Idea Paper
- **Authors**: Francesco Tosoni, Muhammad Ihtisham Amin, Nicola Dall'Ora, Enrico Fraccaroli, Franco Fummi
- **Conference**: Forum on Specification & Design Languages (FDL)
- **Year**: 2024
- **Pages**: 1-5
- **Keywords**: Fabrication, Visualization, Video games, Accuracy, Prototypes, Rendering (computer graphics), Digital twins, Digital Twin, Multidomain system, Fault injection, Fault simulation, Unreal Engine

### Links

- **DOI**: [10.1109/FDL63219.2024.10673841](https://doi.org/10.1109/FDL63219.2024.10673841)
- **Open Access Version**: [Read Here](https://iris.univr.it/retrieve/a54d199d-c76d-41ef-9d52-50bb8f55ac4d/OPEN__2024__FDL__Exploring_Multidomain_Faults_in_Digital_Twin__A_Gaming_Engine_Perspective.pdf)

This paper examines the use of gaming engines, such as Unreal Engine, for
simulating physical prototypes as digital twins. By leveraging the engine's
advanced rendering capabilities and physical simulation accuracy, this study
explores new research perspectives, focusing on the design analysis, performance
monitoring, and fault simulation of multidomain systems. The case study features
a digital twin of a DC Motor, simulated under normal operating conditions and in
the presence of faults.

We extend our gratitude to all collaborators and contributors for their efforts.
For further details, please explore the links provided above.
