---
layout: news
tags: [Publications]
title: "New Conference Paper Published"
description: A new conference paper co-authored by Enrico Fraccaroli has been published in the proceedings of the 2024 IEEE International Symposium on On-Line Testing and Robust System Design (IOLTS).
author: Enrico Fraccaroli
background: /assets/theme/images/publication_conference.png
comments: true
---

We are excited to announce that our latest conference paper, titled **"Assessing
Robustness of Smart Systems via Multi-domain Analog Fault Simulation"**, has
been published in the proceedings of the **2024 IEEE International Symposium on
On-Line Testing and Robust System Design (IOLTS)**.

### Abstract

Smart systems contain digital and analog components of several physical domains,
e.g., electrical and mechanical. During the design phase, the fault injection,
which checks the system functionality following the guidelines of ISO standard
26262, enhances the system’s robustness. Unfortunately, fault injection and
simulation on the analog side are i) not fully standardized compared to their
digital counterparts, ii) highly domain-dependent, and iii) performed separately
from the digital. This article proposes to improve the design of smart systems
by generating faulty scenarios through analog fault injection across several
physical domains. By exploiting these faulty scenarios it is possible to improve
the robustness of the analog part and simultaneously improve the quality of the
digital part that controls the system functionality.

### Details

- **Title**: Assessing Robustness of Smart Systems via Multi-domain Analog Fault Simulation
- **Authors**: Francesco Tosoni, Nicola Dall'Ora, Enrico Fraccaroli, Sara Vinco, Franco Fummi
- **Conference**: IEEE 30th International Symposium on On-Line Testing and Robust System Design (IOLTS)
- **Year**: 2024
- **Pages**: 1-3
- **Keywords**: ISO Standards, Control systems, Robustness, System analysis and design, Testing, Guidelines, Fault simulation, Design robustness

### Links

- **DOI**: [10.1109/IOLTS60994.2024.10616082](https://doi.org/10.1109/IOLTS60994.2024.10616082)
- **Open Access Version**: [Read Here](https://iris.univr.it/retrieve/850b973b-6fd7-4bb3-8172-d064032f4a86/OPEN__2024__IOLTS__Assessing_Robustness_of_Smart_Systems_via_Multi_domain_Analog_Fault_Simulation.pdf)

This paper highlights an innovative approach to improving the design and
robustness of smart systems by employing multi-domain analog fault simulation.
The proposed methodology enhances system functionality by generating and
utilizing faulty scenarios, improving the analog and digital components
simultaneously.

We thank our collaborators and colleagues for their invaluable contributions to
this work. For more details, explore the links provided above.
